# CS-255-System-Analysis

The company of Driverpass was looking to make a website for students to study and practice for their driving exams, as well as have them schedule in-person tutoring with driving instructors. How the process would go is that a student would create an account, purchase a study package, study and take online exams, and finally schedule in-person tutoring for hands-on practice. The teachers and admins would also have to make an account to login and manage students, schedules, and payment. The diagrams were fairly easy to make, due to the simplistic nature of the processes I picked. One particular example would be the UML Activity Diagrams, as those were straightforward to understand and express. As for any parts needing revision, the sequence diagram and the business requirements document are the first things that pop into my mind. The sequence diagram is something I barely understood when creating, and only now understand how it works and what it's trying to convey. As for the business revision, I did more research and learned more about what makes these systems tick, so I suppose better wording and more specific examples for things such as servers or specific types of Linux. Getting the user's needs was made easy due to the interview transcripts and technical requirements list I was handed to. The diagrams and use cases were made with these in mind, and since the Driverpass team is going to be using this website the most, their needs should be dealt with first. As for approaching software, thinking in terms of non-functional and functional requirements and the diagrams definitely helped the process. While writing the needs and sequences in a word or doc file may seem the easiest and most straightforward, when backtracking or showing others how a program works, the diagrams and pictures do the heavy lifting.
